README.md, before:

![liblogicalaccess_logo](http://islog.github.io/liblogicalaccess/images/lla_logo.png)
=============

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/islog/liblogicalaccess?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[Homepage](http://liblogicalaccess.islog.com) | 
[GitHub-Repository](https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess) | 
[Download binaries](http://liblogicalaccess.islog.com/wiki/doku.php/download) |
[Issue-Tracker](https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/issues)

C++ RFID Library for Windows and Linux. For PC/SC, ISO compliant and proprietary hardware.


  * Stable branch: master [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess)
  * Development branch: develop [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess.png?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess)
  * Features branches: feature-*

Coverity Scan: [![Coverity Scan Build Status](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2286/badge.svg)](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2286)

How to install?
----------------
See http://liblogicalaccess.islog.com/wiki/doku.php/install


How to build?
----------------
See http://liblogicalaccess.islog.com/wiki/doku.php/build

Commit message:

Update links to new wiki

README.md, after:

![liblogicalaccess_logo](http://islog.github.io/liblogicalaccess/images/lla_logo.png)
=============

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/islog/liblogicalaccess?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

[Homepage](https://islog.github.io/liblogicalaccess/) | 
[Wiki](https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/wiki) |
[Download binaries](https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/releases) |
[Supported hardware](https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/wiki/Supported-hardware) |
[Issue-Tracker](https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/issues)

Welcome to the LibLogicalAccess project web page, an open source RFID library developed in C++ for Linux / Windows, also available on C#, Delphi, WinDev… for who are using the Microsoft operating system (using a COM wrapper).


  * Stable branch: master [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess)
  * Development branch: develop [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess.png?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/islog/liblogicalaccess)
  * Features branches: feature-*

Coverity Scan: [![Coverity Scan Build Status](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2286/badge.svg)](https://scan.coverity.com/projects/2286)

How to install?
----------------
See https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/wiki/Install-LibLogicalAccess


How to build?
----------------
See https://github.com/islog/liblogicalaccess/wiki/Build-Liblogicalaccess
